if I'm fatigued at work, which is often for naval officers in general.
Sometimes you gotta fight through it, and it's nice strength. It's
not like it's not as if it's a weakness to be fatigued. Sometimes things
just need to get done, and there's not really any other choice,
but just to move past it. If you cannot all possible, you need to listen
to your doctors and you tell you how much sleep you should get,
so you can kind of avoid those things. But life oftentimes doesn't
allow that, and especially as a pilot but in other communities to you'll
find you have an erratic, skeet sleep schedule, so you really
just do the best you can to get to sleep you need.